[Doc] update sql plan manager doc (#59039)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/using_starrocks/SQL_plan_manager.md

Notes on query rewrite:

- SQL Plan Manager primarily relies on SQL fingerprint matching. It checks whether the SQL fingerprint of the query matches a that of a Baseline. If a query matches a Baseline, the parameters in the query are automatically substituted into the Baseline’s execution plan.

> - During the matching process, if a query matches multiple Baselines which the status is `enable`, the optimizer evaluates and selects the optimal Baseline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- During the matching process, if a query matches multiple Baselines with status `enable`, the optimizer evaluates and selects the optimal Baseline.
```

|   0:OlapScanNode                                                                          |
|      TABLE: store_sales                                                                   |
.................
MySQL tpcds> explain select i_item_id, sum(ss_ext_sales_price) total_sales
from store_sales join item on ss_item_sk = i_item_sk 
where i_color = 100  -- don't use any Baseline
group by i_item_id
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Explain String                                                                            |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| PLAN FRAGMENT 0                                                                           |
|  OUTPUT EXPRS:25: i_item_id | 46: sum                                                     |
|   PARTITION: UNPARTITIONED                                                                |
|                                                                                           |
|   RESULT SINK                                                                             |
.................
```

### Auto-Capture

> Auto-Capture queries the query SQL statements in the past period of time(default 3 hours), and generates and saves the baseline based on these queries, and the generated baseline is in the 'disable' state by default and doesn't take effect immediately. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto-Capture queries the query SQL statements in the past period of time (default 3 hours), and generates and saves the baseline based on these queries, and the generated baseline is in the 'disable' state by default and doesn't take effect immediately. 
```

In the following scenarios:
* After the upgrade, the execution plan changes, resulting in a higher query time
* After the data changed, and the statistics are changed, resulting in a change in the execution plan

> You can find the historical baseline by 'show baseline' and manually roll back the plan by 'enable baseline'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the historical baseline with `show baseline` and manually roll back the plan with `enable baseline`.
```

> The Auto-Capture feature depend on the save query history feature and requires the following settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Auto-Capture feature depends on the save query history feature and requires the following settings:
```

```SQL
set global enable_query_history=true;
```
The query history is stored in the '_statistics_.query_history' table.

To enable automatic capture:
```SQL
set global enable_plan_capture=true;
```

Other configurations：
```SQL
-- The historical duration of the storage query history, unit: seconds, defaults to 3 days
set global query_history_keep_seconds = 259200;
-- The work interval of Auto-Capture, unit: seconds, defaults to 3 hours
set global plan_capture_interval=10800;
-- Captures regular checks for SQL tables, only captures SQL when table names(db.table) can match plan_capture_include_pattern, defaults .*, which represents all tables
set global plan_capture_include_pattern=".*";
```

> Noted: save query history & Auto-Capture will cost some storage and computing resources, so please set it reasonably according to your own scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
Save query history and Auto-Capture will cost some storage and computing resources, so please set it reasonably according to your own scenarios.
:::
```
